Queen Man javascript Pseudo code:

Written by Alex Chalyy on 2/10/2019.


1. Create a string array of Queen songs (all lower case letters):

   a. You take my breath away

   b. Innuendo

   c. We are the champions

   d. We will rock you

   e. Good old fashioned lover boy

   f. My melancholy blues

   g. One vision

   h. Show must go on

   i. Las Plabras de amor

   j. Who wants to live forever

   k. Love of my life

   l. Bijou

   m. Somebody to love

2. Create integer variable for wins and set it to 0, print it on screen

3. Create/reset integer variable for guesses and set it to 12, print it on screen

4. Create/reset empty string to hold incorrectly guessed letters, print it on screen

5. Create/reset an empty string of correctly guessed letters

6. Generate a random integer between 0 and 12

7. Print the string with random index generated above on html page, all letters must be substituted for under scores, except for spaces which should be visible

8. Create a integer variable that equals the length of the random song name string from above not counting any spaces

9. When user enters a key, execute the following:

   If user pressed key is not a letter:

	Subtract 1 from guesses

	If guesses = 0, go to step 3

   else if user pressed key is a letter

	if this letter is upper case:

		make it lowercase

	else if letter is not contained in correctly guessed letter string

		if the letter is inside the random song name

			Change all underscores on the page with correct letter indexes, to actual correct letters

			subtract 1 from the random song name length variable from step 8

			add the letter to the string containing correctly guessed letters

			if the random song length variable from above = 0

				add 1 to wins, and display it on the screen

				set guesses to 12, display it on the screen

				make the string holding incorrectly guessed letters empty, display it on the screen

				make the string holding correctly guessed letters empty

				go to step 6

		else 

			subtract 1 from guesses

			add the letter to the string containing incorrectly guessed letters

			if guesses = 0, go to step 3

			else, go to step 9

			

				

	



 




	